Divide and conquer

the trick was sudo!


Notes for lab 1.4 video

 variational quantum algorithm used for finding the ground state
 containes a parameratized quantum circuit and the goal is to id 
 the paramteters that will generate a quantum state that will reduce the min expectaiton value of a problem hamiltonia or cost function

 a node on a nearal network represents a qubit instead of hidden layers, we use a parameterized quantum circuit. 
 at the end we meausre and produce a hamaltonian cost function, and the fed to optimizers and repeat. 


1. Divide: The divide-and-conquer algorithm divides the initial graph into small enough subgraphs, recursively if necessary.
    The divide-and-conquer algorithm divides the initial graph into small enough subgraphs, recursively if necessary.

2. Conquer: QAOA is executed to find max-cut approximations of the smaller subgraphs, in parallel when possible.
    QAOA is executed to find max-cut approximations of the smaller subgraphs, in parallel when possible.

3. Merge: To stitch together the subgraph solutions into a solution of their parent graph, we consider the border 
subgraph generated by the edges between the subgraphs.  We define a new graph based on a different vertex set, 
which we will call the merger graph. This graph captures the interactions between border vertices. 
Finally, to merge the subgraph solutions together for an approximately optimal solution to the larger graph, 
we employ QAOA to the merger graph invoking a new cost function.
    To stitch together the subgraph solutions into a solution of their parent graph, we consider the border subgraph 
    generated by the edges between the subgraphs.  We define a new graph based on a different vertex set, 
    which we will call the merger graph. This graph captures the interactions between border vertices. 
    Finally, to merge the subgraph solutions together for an approximately optimal solution to the larger graph, 
    we employ QAOA to the merger graph invoking a new cost function.
 